[close #239] Add gcttl and range in readme (#240)
tikv/migration: br/README.md

    -s "s3://backup-data/2022-09-16/" \
    --ratelimit 128 \
    --dst-api-version v2 \
    --log-file="/tmp/br_backup.log \
    --gcttl=5m \

>     --start=&{START_KEY} \

Reviewer: Ditto.

- `"${PDIP}:2379"`:  Parameter of `--pd`.
- `--dst-api-version`: The `api-version`, please see [tikv-server config](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file#api-version-new-in-v610).
- `v2`: Parameter of `--dst-api-version`, the optionals are `v1`, `v1ttl`, `v2`(Case insensitive). If no `dst-api-version` is specified, the `api-version` is the same with TiKV cluster of `--pd`.

> - `gcttl`: The stop duration of GC. This can be used to make sure that the incremental data from backup start to TiKV-CDC take effective will NOT be deleted by GC. 5 minutes by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gcttl`: The pause duration of GC. This can be used to make sure that the incremental data from backup start to TiKV-CDC [create changefeed](https://github.com/tikv/migration/blob/main/cdc/README.md#create-a-replication-task) will NOT be deleted by GC. 5 minutes by default.
```

> - `5m`: Paramater of `gcttl`. It's format is `number + unit`, e.g. `24h` means 24 hours, `60m` means 60 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `5m`: Paramater of `gcttl`. Its format is `number + unit`, e.g. `24h` means 24 hours, `60m` means 60 minutes.
```

Author: Addressed all comments, PTAL, thanks.
